Add support for external DAMs (#1225)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/bright-maps-jump.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
"@comet/cms-api": minor
---

> # Add Support for external DAMs
> 
> To implement an external DAM, add a Button-Component with the 
> necessary logic (asset-picker, upload-functionality) to the 
> /admin/src/dam folder. Next, include the new Component in the 
> additionalToolbarItems-Prop of DamPage, in App.tsx.
> 
> An example can be found in the Demo-Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Facilitate the import of files from external DAMs

To connect an external DAM, implement a component with the necessary logic (asset picker, upload functionality, ...). Pass this component to the `DamPage` via the `additionalToolbarItems` prop.

You can find an [example](https://github.com/vivid-planet/comet/blob/028aba5e267a698af3b036697964600cdb5889cb/demo/admin/src/dam/ImportFromUnsplash.tsx) in the demo project.
```

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
"@comet/cms-api": minor
---

> Add support for external dams

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add support for external DAMs
```

Please be more specific here: What do I need to do? Maybe add a note about the example in Demo

Reviewer 2: > Please be more specific here: What do I need to do? Maybe add a note about the example in Demo

This still needs to be done

Author: Is the new changeset sufficient?
